Brother, don't come here, don't come here
What are you doing?
I don't do anything
I just want you to travel and eat some for me.
Don't let me see you
But you didn't beat my son like this.
How do you count him?
Just feed some water and go away
My shop?
My family won't let you go
Hey, brother sun
What are you doing?
Isn't it cold already?
What did I bite into this particle?
We will come later.
Give me a free bowl for the travel fee
That's too kind of you.
How much does it take to drink?
Nothing. Not much.
Laugh again, I'll give you 100, you wait
Did you specifically ask me what I did?
It tastes good, sour and sweet.
Drink it and feel comfortable all over
Then come and drink a bowl of this every day
It will be of great benefit to your illness.
Then I'll go first